Mark Fraser
989279438
m_fraser3@u.pacific.edu

Assignment 6:  Building the Reduced Interpreter

Instructions to use TestDriver.java

- Compiler used:
	Java 8 major version 52
	jdk1.8.0_144 (if downloaded and installed straight to computer, directory most likely would be:)
		C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.8.0_144\bin

	Troubleshooting:
		I had an issue compiling for the first time on the command line because I was using a JRE rather
		than a JDK, but once I added to my Path variable in Control Panel > System > Advanced System Settings
		> Environment Variables the above directory, the javac command worked so I could compile and run 
		on the command line
	

- From the CommandLine in Windows 10 (Verified):
	1.  Compiled the file TestDriver.java using the command line (while in the file's directory):
		javac *.java
	    (Note:  because I have included the .class files for all the .java files, you may not have to compile at
	    all in order to run the program, such that you can try skipping to step 2)
	2.  It is my understanding the we need to support blank lines in the file.  Therefore, for this assignment, you can no longer
		write from the command line, but instead must include the text document as an input string.  To run the program,
		use the command:
			java TestDriver <test_program.txt>
		
		The program will properly handle the text file and run it.

- Clarifications of Ambiguity:
	1.  For simplicity, all numbers that have operations performed on them instantly casts the number to a Double.
	2.  If you somehow break the interpreter such that a null input is generated, the symbol table will report a null value, though
		this is not anticipated, as I have not encountered an error with a correct program yet.
	3.  When using the rel_op option in the grammar, the values "3" and "3.0" are not considered equal, because the == operator does not
		work with doubles in Java.  I therefore had to use the String.equals() method, which means integer numbers that aren't operated on will
		not be equal to integer numbers that are operated on.